it's a little bit kick bassy to call
this a cambridge lock because I'm
technically not in Cambridge but at home
probably but I am preparing for my first
year finals because I haven't sat them
yet because I took a break from
University so I'm gonna sit them at the
beginning of October so I'm preparing
for them now and I think this is much
part of my Cambridge degree as anything
that I did at Cambridge so we're gonna
call this a Cambridge vlog please don't
come for me in the comments
hello everyone its Alaina and I'm back
for another cambridge vlog and at the
moment i'm really just revising and
doing my readings from my second year
because we have a very long summer
reading list and i feel like I'm the
only idiot who's like oh there's a long
summer vacation lip reading list which
you have to do obviously but then
there's also you know some recommended
prep reading on the syllabus which isn't
necessarily on the long reading list and
I'm that idiot who's like let me do both
I don't have that time but I'm that
idiot so now I'm doing it so guys these
are the books which have already arrived
say hello to my law books and this
outsider which just arrived yesterday
because it wasn't published yet when I
got the reading list but it just came
out so now it's here and these are like
the books which I just want to read for
fun
but I think I may not be able to read
all of them because I have to read them
now obviously I don't have to read all
of them like necessarily next time ask
you only to read a chapter but quite a
lot of them on the reading list as a
whole book so yeah we're gonna see how
that goes so what I'm doing at the
moment is I'm basically just revising
and when I'm tired of revising that I'm
procrastinating from revising by reading
my prep readings and that's pretty much
what I'm gonna do now so yeah enjoy guys
also um I currently have this ankle
splint which I'm wearing I don't know if
you can see it in the mirror I hope you
can this thing so I feel like this makes
me look like I got injured I'm doing a
sport which I think means that I look
sporty which is great it's just I'm not
sporty and I didn't injure myself during
sports I don't even know how I injured
myself but I like to pretend that it
makes me look sporty so yeah now we're
gonna go and revive
[Music]
okay so I've been working for a bit and
now it's time for a break and my rabbit
is feeling the same way my rabbit and I
are home alone by the way so right now
it's just us because my mom's traveling
so I'm probably just gonna lie down with
her in bed a little and we're just gonna
cuddle maybe watch a TV show my pet and
I we watch TV shows together it's kind
of a thing um so if you guys have a good
TV show to recommend let us know we
finished quite a few we usually watch my
historical drama TV shows I could shoot
is installed
um well we also watch other stuff we
pretty much watch anything that's good
um so yeah that's what I'm gonna do now
we're probably gonna lie down for like
half an hour and then I'm gonna make
myself some lunch and then we're gonna
get back to work okay so we went for
like the least educational show ever at
the Big Bang Theory but it's really
really fun to watch so we're just
watching that and my rabbit is so cute I
just have to show you guys um look at
that hey mommy oh my god I love her so
so much and like leaving her behind it's
always like the hardest when I go away
she's just so cute I wish I could bring
her to England with me but unfortunately
I can't but my mom takes really really
good care of her and my rabbit has now
decided that she has had enough with me
because she always like reaches that
point when she's like okay now you've
left me for like an hour now bye so now
I'm gonna make myself some lunch and by
the way it is horrible painting in the
background yes I made that I my mother
refuses to burn it which is a tragedy
and if you fought now I'm actually gonna
cook know I still don't know how to cook
so here's my really really short
tutorial for people like me you buy
something like that just basic cup
noodles and then you just put some
boiling water over it and there you go
congratulations you've made yourself a
meal so that's what I'm gonna do now
[Music]
and there we have it guys the culinary
masterpiece that I created and Freeman
it's time so yeah that was cooking with
Molina I hope you enjoyed this first
segment and maybe at some point I'm
going to actually cook with you guys
okay so I've had my amazing lunch and
now I've just made myself some tea and
we're gonna get back to work but because
I'm tired of revising we are gonna
procrastinate point reading up some uh
prep reading yeah that's how Cambridge
students procrastinate we suck at it
by the way this is in my opinion the
most pretty academic book I've ever seen
like I don't know I think it has like
real aesthetics to it um I mean it
wouldn't be called the morality of law
like you could think this is like a
fiction book or something no no in my
opinion but you know I'm not very far
with my summer reading which is an issue
because this is my summer reading list
oh god the lighting is terrible here we
go and the two things which are
highlighted are the things that I've
read so you know how far I am which is
not far at all um but in my defense the
pink things aren't on like the long
reading list I only on the syllabus
recommended prep readings which I guess
I'm the only idiot doing it or you know
I bought these books so we're gonna read
them because they were expensive so this
is what we have ahead of ourselves in
the next few weeks plus revision my life
is going great guys
[Music]
and we finished a chapter and I had to
read in this book and honestly this
chapter was super super clear and I
really really appreciate it because
there are some academics who shouldn't
be allowed to publish books they should
only be allowed to publish podcasts
because you're really good at lecturing
but they suck at writing and there are
some academics who were really good at
bulb and some were only good at writing
I don't know I've never been that should
be followed but his writing is really
really good and I really really
appreciate that so now I'm gonna quickly
take some notes on this and then I'm
finally going to you know highlight and
everything on my reading list so that
that's done that means we have free
things highlighted and about 30 to go
we're doing great guys we're doing
really really great and after that I
think I'm gonna do a bit more revision
um but I'm gonna see how my mood is
because I'm really not feeling revision
at the moment so I might just
procrastinate a bit more by doing more
of these readings for my second year but
we're gonna see good morning guys and
it's the next day and I'm in my study
hairstyle because nobody's gonna see me
today so we can't wear our hair however
we want to and I've successfully
procrastinated I'm last evening by doing
more readings for my second year which I
guess is a really procrastination right
it's kind of work that's what I tell
myself
but that means today we have to revise
at least in the morning it's just gonna
be revision and then I'll probably like
alternate between the two because I need
to do something everton revision as well
but now I'm first of all gonna open this
little parcel a little is um actually
not true it's huge
so basically two weeks ago I sold some
clothes online and I actually made a
video about it and I think it's a pretty
fun video it's linked any infobox below
if you guys are interested but basically
I sold all these clothes and I was like
okay now I'm finally like a declutter my
wardrobe and I'm not gonna buy new stuff
and on the app were I sold them somebody
sold um a trench coat which I've wanted
for ages so yeah you know my promise to
myself is not buying new clothes lasted
an entire two weeks which is beautiful
and now we're over it
so yeah let's hope that it fits like
some the packaging you'd think like that
I bought glasses or something I don't
know this is really really well packaged
bye-bye to all of that okay there we go
you even gave me like an empty shopping
bag okay but I'm interested in the coat
which I'm guessing is in here let's see
oh yeah there it is oh my gosh
okay we're scared the color is darker
but it's really beautiful and I'm glad
it isn't darker so yeah let's try it on
guys this coat is so pretty I'm so so
happy about it because I love trench
coat and I have this one particular
brand which I really love but I just
think they're ridiculously expensive um
but now oh my god I loved this thing on
top of here and yeah and I think it
looks really really nice I'm really
really happy and I bought this coat I
was so scared of buying it online
because I always like when I write a
second hand I go to like a flea market
or something cuz then you see the
product cuz on the internet photos can
be deceiving trust me
I'm good at Photoshop I know what I'm
talking about
but this coat looks exactly as it did in
the pictures um and yeah now that I'm in
a happy mood I will hopefully actually
revise
[Music]
it's a few hours and another unhealthy
lunch later and now I'm gonna get back
to my procrastination which is just
really rare second year books which is
really sad that's my way of
procrastinating well here we are
but I think the reason I love
procrastinating with them is just that
you know they contain all these things
which I haven't learned about yet
whereas like revising it's just like
looking at stuff I already know so
they're just a little more interesting
I'd say um so yeah that's what I'm gonna
do now and I'm gonna try to maybe put in
like a number of revision session but
I'll see the first let's let's read a
little because I think it is time for me
and I also like me to like start
tackling these like bigger books because
right now I'm just trying to take
everything off my reading list which is
just like a chapter or two but you know
we need to get to like the big books
because they scare me so we need to work
on those there is one book in particular
which really does scare me I have
started reading it but look at this this
is the book world politics since 1945
and it basically just summarizes well
well politics so you know if you want to
know what has been going on in the world
in the past years I guess by this book I
have started reading it it is quite
detailed so I think I don't actually
need to know that all of it and I think
I'm gonna like mainly like skim a lot of
it and just you know take notes and like
the main event and what then the world
took from it but I don't think I'm gonna
read it like line by line because he
goes into a lot of detail which I don't
think will be necessary
from an international law course
hopefully but I think I'm gonna start
with this one because it's the book that
scares me the most
[Music]
it's not going well because this boat is
kind of confusing because he goes into
so much detail
I'm really tired like my brain she's
like what did I just read like I don't
think I read a lot I actually only read
like 20 pages and I'm really just done
with my life that's how I feel because
basically he like jumps from my country
to country and then he's like oh and
those were the issues and then he goes
into so much detail you know something
who are all these people when in that
country is not happening what on earth
is that
even he was really really confused and
he uses like a lot of acronyms and
you're like okay um whoever wrote this
probably really pretty super smart and I
go read a great story and it's just I'm
not so that's a problem so I think now
I'm gonna take a break because my brain
hurt
um and then I'm gonna go back to a
different reading I'm not crazy about
this one I made you something else to
moderate myself and I keep like the
tough stuff till the end but every once
in a while I touch it just to remind
myself it's still dare and you also
motivate myself to do other stuff
because it's over dad or something else
but now I'm just gonna read a little bit
for fun and I'm gonna read in this book
were doing currently reading with just
the president is missing and I really
really love it and also its color
matching like my room I don't think I
was showing you guys my room at home
like I don't have a room to or anything
for it up well I can just show you guys
how it color matches cuz I think it's
pretty cool um so this is the book and
then I just like look like doesn't I
like really mad just like everything in
here cuz I I have these like gold wide
things and I think it especially matches
my bed I don't know that's just how I
feel about it
but basically I'm just gonna lie down
and read a little bit and it's probably
like 20 minutes I'm just gonna set
myself a timer and then we're gonna go
back to work
[Music]
I feel like it looks really dark in my
time-lapses I don't know why it's
actually not as dark in here okay so I
think so um but I the weather is just I
don't know it just get darker quicker
but it's not in stock right now like you
know you still have some daylight um but
anyway I don't want to bore you guys
with like endless time lapses so I think
I'm gonna end like my vlogging for today
and then I keep logging tomorrow but
basically what I'm gonna do is I'm just
gonna read a little bit more and maybe
revise a little but I don't really think
it's gonna happen I think I'm just gonna
keep reading this for land law which I
had to print out which is super annoying
but it really wasn't worth buying the
book and the internet eBook version was
really really bad so I printed it out
and of course I messed up the printer
settings so really super and sustainable
today but we're gonna reuse that paper
and we're definitely gonna recycle it um
but yeah those are my plans for the
evening doesn't that sound fun and by
the way guys I'm really sorry that this
vlog is basically just me in my room um
but the thing is I can't really take you
guys to places because in Germany you
have to ask for permissions anyway if
you want to film and if you think you
just show up and you ask for a
permission no that's not how it works I
tried to get a permission for my local
library which means filling out one form
for a permission for their public
relations office then asking the
director of the library for permission
and reaching out to the architect of the
library for permission yes that is how
far you have to go to film a 10 second
clip in a library while you're studying
and that's why I'm here in my room
because I don't need to get anybody's
permission to film myself in here good
morning guys it's the next day and today
I'm first of all gonna have to go
shopping because I need a lot of stuff
because it's Saturday and that means my
fridge is basically empty and since I'm
home alone I'm in charge of the grocery
shopping this week and my mom made the
huge mistake of telling me just get
whatever you want which basically means
we're going to live off cup noodles for
the next week but you know
I did ask hi I'm Mac um so I went out
and did all my grocery shopping and now
we can live off cup noodles and every
stuff that doesn't require cooking
skills
we love table I also did get something
healthy oh um this is like the healthy
bag which is for my rabbit so I'm not
sure if it counts but basically it's
just carrots and green um cuz I don't
know I don't think my rabbit would
appreciate cup noodles as a meal um so
I'm not sure if my mom will appreciate
it but you know she didn't give me any
wishes so that's that um so I'm just
gonna unpack everything now and then I'm
gonna see what I'm gonna do today I mean
today I'm just gonna read for my second
year because I'm really not in the mood
for a revision and you know the sooner I
knock these readings out the sooner I
can focus on just revision which is what
I'm telling myself right now so yeah the
next time we see each other will
probably be at my desk and we're back at
my desk and now I'm gonna take some
notes on all the face and keep reading
on it this is um two chapters from a
land law book this is over 100 pages so
I didn't finish this yesterday
but I'm gonna take notes on the stuff
that I already read and then I'm gonna
keep reading and yeah hopefully I can
finish this one today and then maybe
finish one or two more readings for land
law we'll see maybe also hate land law
sword is reading and will move on to a
different summer reading we'll see but
firstly my goal now is to finish this
and to hopefully then you know move on
to actual books because I hate you like
lose printed out pages and I feel like
they are really really prone to just you
know flying around so I want to finish
this one as soon as possible while
they're also here so yeah that's pretty
much the plan for today
[Music]
look we just came in to every room to
demand some attention it's like when I'm
gonna spend too much time like working
on something or whatever like mommy
usually comes in she's like I'm here now
you may huddle with me and then you can
like you know come over for a little
while and then after a while she's like
tired of your action she's like okay now
you're not interesting anymore human boy
um but it's so good for distressing lo4
is so so much so I think I'm just gonna
take a break now and after that I'm
gonna make lunch which is gonna be a
number really healthy lunch yeah I'll
give you guys a never cooking tutorial
um my cooking tutorials are all like
things you can do in like two minutes
about any skills so you know you're
welcome in case you needed that are you
ready for our never cooking with Elena
for which you basically need zero skills
I think all you need is like a
functioning arm and like two brain cells
to make that arm do something and that's
pretty much it so um I don't know how to
cook so I need to buy stuff which you
don't really need to cook yourself um so
here we go so here's to a really really
quick recipe if you want to say so put
this in a pan with a bit of water cook
it you know for like six minutes
um and you're done lovely I think I eat
this like three to five times a week
because it's really easy to make and it
tastes good so let's do it
[Music]
yeah um this concludes our never cooking
with velena and this is healthy as I get
this is like the healthiest version of
food that I eat that I make myself I
might make myself I mean I opened the
package and follow the instructions um
but yeah but this is really really good
if any of you guys are looking for you
know food which requires new skills in
terms of preparation um this is really
really good I think I'm gonna end the
vlog here because basically what I'm
planning to do for the rest of the day
it's just you know more reading and I
don't want to bore you guys with too
many time lapses but in all honesty this
is my life right now like my biggest
excitement is when I get to switch from
revision to second year readings and
then after a while I get to switch back
those are like the exciting things in my
life right now so you know this is
pretty much what's gonna go on with me
for like the next few weeks because I
need to prepare for my second year and I
do think this is you know as much part
of my degree as anything else which is
why I do want to show it to you guys but
I really really hope it's not too boring
for you also I haven't you post up on my
blog and it would mean a lot to me if
you guys read it because this week has
been quite eventful for me on the
internet because I was called a Nazi
which is interesting given that I'm a
human rights activist who has also
hosted multiple guests because on
different genocides to make people aware
of in you know yeah the Internet is an
interesting place but it was on to you a
real shock for me and it did hurt me a
lot in the first few moments of like
reading that comment so if you guys want
to know what happened and how I feel
about it and how I am then dealt with it
everyone in the entire post about it and
you can find it linked in the infobox
below and yep that's it for today's vlog
I hope you guys enjoyed it thank you so
much for watching have a nice day funny